README.md, before:

# Simplicity Benchmark
A library to benchmark codes time elapsed and memory usage.

## Install
**composer**
```php 
composer require mmdm/sim-benchmark
```

Or you can simply download zip file from github and extract it, 
then put file to your project library and use it like other libraries.

## How to use
```php
// to instance a benchamrk object
$benchmark = new Benchmark();
$label = 'a label';

// start benchmark here
$benchmark->start($label);
// here you should write your algorithm
// ...
// now you can stop benchmark
$benchmark->stop($label);

//now you can see result like this
$benchmark->getReport($label);
```

## Available functions

start($label):

This method starts a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: This method just work one time for a specific label.

```php
$benchmark->start($label);
```

pause($label):

This method pause a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: If you use this method multiple times before resume method,
first call will apply.

```php
$benchmark->pause($label);
``` 

resume($label):

This method resume a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: If you use this method multiple times before pause method,
first call will apply.

```php
$benchmark->resume($label);
```

stop($label):

This method stop a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: This method just work one time for a specific label.

```php
$benchmark->stop($label);
```

getTime($label):

This method get time for a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: Returns time as microseconds in float format

```php
$time = $benchmark->getTime($label);
```

getMemory($label):

This method get memory for a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: Returns memory as bytes in int format

```php
$memory = $benchmark->getMemory($label);
```

get($label):

This method get time and memory for a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: Returns an array like below format

```php
array [
    'time' => $time, // 2 microsecond(s), etc.
    'memory' => $memory // 10MiB, etc.
]
```

```php
$res = $benchmark->get($label);
```

getReport($label):

This method show a report of a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: This method is **void**

```php
$benchmark->getReport($label);
```

# License
Under MIT license.

Commit message:

add how to use autoloader

README.md, after:

# Simplicity Benchmark
A library to benchmark codes time elapsed and memory usage.

## Install
**composer**
```php 
composer require mmdm/sim-benchmark
```

Or you can simply download zip file from github and extract it, 
then put file to your project library and use it like other libraries.

Just add line below to autoload files:

```php
require_once 'path_to_library/autoloader.php';
```

and your good to go.

## How to use
```php
// to instance a benchamrk object
$benchmark = new Benchmark();
$label = 'a label';

// start benchmark here
$benchmark->start($label);
// here you should write your algorithm
// ...
// now you can stop benchmark
$benchmark->stop($label);

//now you can see result like this
$benchmark->getReport($label);
```

## Available functions

start($label):

This method starts a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: This method just work one time for a specific label.

```php
$benchmark->start($label);
```

pause($label):

This method pause a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: If you use this method multiple times before resume method,
first call will apply.

```php
$benchmark->pause($label);
``` 

resume($label):

This method resume a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: If you use this method multiple times before pause method,
first call will apply.

```php
$benchmark->resume($label);
```

stop($label):

This method stop a benchmark for a specific label.

Note: This method just work one time for a specific label.

```php
$benchmark->stop($label);
```

getTime($label):

This method get time for a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: Returns time as microseconds in float format

```php
$time = $benchmark->getTime($label);
```

getMemory($label):

This method get memory for a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: Returns memory as bytes in int format

```php
$memory = $benchmark->getMemory($label);
```

get($label):

This method get time and memory for a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: Returns an array like below format

```php
array [
    'time' => $time, // 2 microsecond(s), etc.
    'memory' => $memory // 10MiB, etc.
]
```

```php
$res = $benchmark->get($label);
```

getReport($label):

This method show a report of a specific label.

Note: Use this function before start and stop methods, will cause 
exception.

Note: This method is **void**

```php
$benchmark->getReport($label);
```

# License
Under MIT license.
